wer
U
Self introduction time
Oh, good morning again.
Ah the overall image
It really simple one deonga haebwatneunde reported Mirror lantern once, deobuleoseo
I was surprised.
It's terrible. I'll try that country once more in Uber.
The Youngdeok Sword is Pudong, the name is dimple, the land is + 3,
Everyone in Minhang Firepower
5 plus 5 will only turn off 6
cream
I graduated from the so-called Wang Nip University of Sungkyunkwan University,
I finished my master's there, and Dr. Wu was last week based on broadcasting .
On 25th, we gave a doctoral graduation.
What it is now currently working as a Senior Fellow of the School Research Institute
Itguyo which is a non-numerical work in b shows what this bowl
Uh viewers want and evaluation, and on the radio in the past 1
Media criticism Corner There was one such dictionary
I was just trying to show you this, Gemma.
Yes, I do not usually wear glasses .
You will want to be a face that you've seen so often .
Paternity thing is the regime in North Korea, even lotta sense primer night because it now
It also resembles posture behavior and Mao Zedong.
Face
So do you see doegoyo Asian People have to be a very good style
I've talked about 4 knots.
Family relationship Yes I have one sister, I have a year-old sister and my sister
I'm married and I already have a tool.
For 5-year-old three-year-old
Trust this love. It was very good.
Thanks to remove tidy soul
Rather, people came near the beginning is that I'm his crush will keep the ordinances
Why am I like the look of love. So what that person really
Do I really like the essence of this person or just now
Young man, looking like pretty to wonder what to keep in shape is good to just such
When I think about it, it turns out that it is not the answer.
Born in 1914, the target slip criminal ah eat much at all
I came to the Korea National University of Arts and Music Conservatory.
Major is coming when the marriage
I saw it slaughtered and went to MA in Mannheim 06 in Germany.
Yes
What are you doing holes 4 point
Do it . 2 I got you something .
I had some of these things, but I do not know if I get any better later .
So what would give me end where to look now
Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh yeah Oh
Job zest University gangyang
I'm playing with the player.
Where do you go to school
What raguyo Sahmyook University raguyo Namhae abuse
Once I got out of here ,
It's just that in their 30s, ten years is too hard and not easy.
Oo
The minimum catch inside job
7 hours and 9 hours.
So I did the concrete love garlic 1 year
I think a lot more than what I do when I see something 11 hours
It's too much to ask. Yeah.
When I was a child, I spent the time in the anvil and drank the most important part of lips surgery.
I did it.
Steady cases and examples inside